Don't touch him. He's mine. You're the Welch's daughter.
Bridger investments went belly up. Now you're too broke to afford your own toys.
Let's go.
Where did she kiss you? What, like, you liked it?
No, no, I didn't. It's just Caroline.
Miss Welch is from the affluent family.
I couldn't risk pushing her too hard and hurting her. They would come after me.
Are you scared of them?
Listen, if you stick with me, I won't let them burn you.
Do you think the bulletins are scared? Don't ever talk to those girls again.
You don't embarrass me like that.
I'm sorry, okay. It's my fault, but Charlotte, you just kissed me in front of all those people.
I mean, they...
What? You don't want to be kissed by me?
Listen, Erin, you're my servant now. I can do whatever I want to.
So if I want to kiss you, then I'll kiss you.